W-22204761-Add-MuleSoft-Vibes-March-features-CP (#635)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/vibes-create-integrations.adoc

After Mulesoft Vibes generates the initial integration, the code is written directly into your project. You can further customize it to fit your requirements.

[[vibes-generate-apps-from-templates]]
=== Generate Applications from Exchange Templates

> MuleSoft Vibes can generate applications by using local templates from Anypoint Exchange as a starting point. This helps teams align generated integrations with established implementation patterns and internal standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate applications in MuleSoft Vibes by using local templates from Anypoint Exchange as a starting point. This helps you align generated integrations with established implementation patterns and internal standards.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

Template-based generation supports consistent project structure and reduces the effort required to apply organizational conventions after generation.

[[vibes-custom-connectors-generated-apps]]
=== Include Custom Connectors in Generated Applications

> MuleSoft Vibes can include custom connectors published to your private Anypoint Exchange when generating applications. Generated integrations can target internal or specialized systems your organization supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include custom connectors published to your private Anypoint Exchange when generating applications with MuleSoft Vibes. Use integrations to target internal or specialized systems your organization supports.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> By reusing private Exchange assets during generation, teams can apply approved connector implementations from the beginning of the project lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By reusing private Exchange assets during generation, you can apply approved connector implementations from the beginning of the project lifecycle.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

[[vibes-exchange-apis-rest-connectors]]
=== Invoke Exchange APIs Using REST Connectors

> MuleSoft Vibes can generate applications that invoke APIs published to Anypoint Exchange by using REST connectors. This capability helps you reuse existing API assets directly in generated integration implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use MuleSoft Vibes to generate applications that invoke APIs published to Anypoint Exchange by using REST connectors. This capability helps you reuse existing API assets directly in generated integration implementations.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!
